Feat/docs/audio visualizer tutorial (#275)
software-mansion-labs/react-native-audio-api: packages/audiodocs/docs/guides/making-a-piano-keyboard.mdx

## What's next?

> In [the next section](/guides/noise-generation), we will delve into the fascinating realm of noise generation.

Reviewer: GPT? 👀

Author: yeah ;)))

> In [the next section](/guides/noise-generation), we will delve into the fascinating realm of noise generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [the next section](/guides/noise-generation), we will learn how we can generate noise using the audio buffer source node
```
